java c Database Development and Design (DTS207TC) Assessment 001: Individual Coursework Overview Outcomes This course work will be assessed for the following learning outcomes: A. Identify and apply the principles underpinning transaction management within DBMS. B. Demonstrate an understanding of advanced SQL topics. E. State the main concepts in data warehousing and data mining. Submission You must submit the following files to LMO: 1)A report named as Your_Student_ID.pdf. 2)A directory containing all your source code, named as Your_Student_ID_code.NOTE: The report shall be in A4 size, size 11 font, and shall not exceed 8 pages in length. You can include only key code snippets in your reports. The complete source code can be placed in the attachment. Assessment Tasks Matrix multiplication is a fundamental operation in linear algebra where two matrices are multiplied to produce a new matrix. Specifically, if we have two matrices A and B, the product  of these matrices, denoted as AB, is calculated by taking the dot product of the rows of A with the columns of B. For example, for two matrices of dimension 2x2, their matrix multiplication   formula is

To test your proficiency in SQL under an open-book setting, this assignment requires you to implement matrix multiplication using SQL. It is divided into the following steps:

  The Python function in the attachment is capable of generating an N-dimensional square matrix composed of random numbers in the format of (row_id, col_id, value). First, use a Python program to invoke this function and generate such a matrix, then import it into a table M in PostgreSQL. Additionally, discuss the impact of database transaction mechanisms on the performance of record insertion. Record the program running time (ideally, <10s) when N=500 and take a screenshot. (20 marks)
  Perform. a “pivot” operation on the table M from 1) (write the PL/pgSQL manually without using crosstab) to generate a data table A. You can design your own schema for table A,  but ensure that each row of the matrix is placed in a separate record. Note that N cannot be predetermined in the program. Provide a screenshot of the computation results when  N=3 and perform. a correctness check. Provide another screenshot of the running time (ideally, <1s) when N=500. (20 marks)
  Using PL/pgSQL, perform. a matrix transposition on table A from 2) and store the results in another table with the same schema as A. Provide a screenshot of the computation results when N=3 and perform. a correctness check. Provide another screenshot of the running time (ideally, <1s)  when N=500. (20 marks)
  Using PL/pgSQL, calculate the matrix multiplication of the matrix stored in table A from 2) with itself, and store the results in another table with the same schema as A. Provide a screenshot of the computation results when N=3 and perform. a correctness check. Provide another screenshot of the running time (ideally, <1 min) when N=500. (20 marks)
  For the above tasks 1-4, check the program's running time when N=1700. Provide corresponding screenshots. The ideal running times should not exceed: 2 minutes for task 1, 10 seconds for task 2, 10 seconds for task 3, and 30 minutes for task 4. (20 marks) NOTE: a.    Provide a brief introduction to th代 写Database Development and Design (DTS207TC) Assessment 001: Individual CourseworkPython 代做程序编程语言e program logic in your own words; including code snippets is encouraged, but please do not directly paste the entire program into the report without explanation;b.   For your full academic development, the use of generative AI to gain inspiration is allowed  for this assignment; however, out of mutual respect, please do not directly paste its output into your assignment and submit it; c.   To prove that you have indeed completed this assignment and did not rely solely on generative AI, please provide screenshots of the running results for each task Marking Criteria The tasks in this assessment can be divided into 3 categories: Charts Presentation Analysis; Essay; Programs. Criteria(%) Exemplary (100) Good (75) Satisfactory (50) Limited (25) Very Limited (0) Design Provides a detailed, accurate description of the methods.  Provide comprehensive comparison between the methods, including pros and cons, performance analysis. The analysis provided demonstrates that the student's understanding of the various  methods is correct and that they have the ability to solve problems independently. Although there are certain flaws, or incomplete. Provides adequate description of the methods.  Comparison is provided with some level of  details,however, with some obvious  mistakes. There are obvious deviations in the   understanding of  the main methods, and it fails to reflect the ability to independently design algorithms. The description of the problem is vague, or the thought is   incomplete.Limited or no  description of methods. Limited comparison provided. Programs Demonstrated correctly implemented code that produces correct output. Excellent coding quality follows best practices. The program   runs correctly and gives the  expected results. However, special cases are not fully considered, or the program    performs redundant calculations.Program basically works correctly for major functionality,   however, with some conceptional problems. The program implements some minor functionality, or incorrectly implements major functionality. There is a certain degree of misunderstanding about the requirements of the questions. Program works incorrectly    with limited  attempt or    irrelevant to the task. Charts Excellent Most of the Moderate Only some of the Limited or no Presentation quality of results in the quality of results in the attempt of Analysis report with chart are report with chart are correct, report.
clear structure, correct, but basic or some of them

clear logic, there is a structure, are not filled in.

concise writing, pleasing visual   aids. certain degree of sloppy or wordy in the  overview and analysis. where writing  and visual aids can be improved. The analysis of the results was obviously biased.

The mark allocations for the above tasks are: Task Design Programs Charts Presentation  Analysis 1 11 6 3 2 3 15 2 3 5 13 2 4 8 9 3 5 0 0 20


   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
